🇬🇧
News on Indexing in Lyzem Search
To enhance our service, usability, and, most importantly, the security of our users, starting early in the new year, pre-set selectors for bots and Telegraph pages will be removed from the Lyzem Search search bar.
These resources can still be indexed by Lyzem Search provided their references appear in indexable posts, that is they're published in public channels.
Therefore, we recommend that the owners of these services associate a public channel. This is undoubtedly a more effective and secure solution, especially for users, as this type of channel tends to inspire greater trust among them.
Additionally, this could prove to be an excellent strategy for content creators, group administrators, and bot managers to stay connected with their audience and keep them informed about updates. They could also guide users to access websites or specific Telegraph pages, activate bots or mini apps, or join particular groups to explore specific topics in depth with other interested users.
To improve visibility, public channel owners/administrators can automate the indexing process for their textual content by adding
@LyzemBot
as a channel administrator. This ensures that all textual posts longer than 250 characters are indexed and promptly available in Lyzem Search queries, avoiding delays and missed opportunities while waiting for our spiders to revisit.
With the beginning of 2025, our spiders will be the first to receive an update: public groups will only have their descriptions indexed, and their content will no longer be indexed. Similarly,
@LyzemBot
will no longer index posts from public groups, even if added as an administrator.
📅 2024-12-30T18:05:30+00:00
👁 759